Add release changelogs for v0.28.0 (#13)
meilisearch/core-team: meilisearch-release-changelogs/v0.28.0.md

<!-- The following line should NOT be put in the official release changelogs -->
⚠️ Since this is a release candidate (RC), the official documentation is not updated yet, but will be ready for the official v0.28.0 release. The work-in-progress documentation is available [here]().

# New features 🚀

### Smart crop

The smart crop is an improvement of the Meilisearch crop.

The cropping algorithm tries to match the window with the highest density of query terms within the `cropLength` limit. Then it picks the window that contains the more ordered query terms.

Done by @ManyTheFish (#2408)

### API key management improvements

- It is now possible to create a deterministic `key` value by specifying an `uid` field at creation. `uid` is a uuidv4. If omitted, Meilisearch generates it.
- Adds a `name` field to give a human-readable name to ease API key retrieval in a list at the convenience of the user.

> - Introduce new actions to manage API Keys (`keys.get`, `keys.create`, `keys.update`, `keys.delete`).

Reviewer: `dumps.get` is also removed

### Changes in `/indexes/{uid}/search` endpoint

- `nbHits` is renamed `estimatedNbhits`. Indeed some users were confused by the name and use it for their pagination, but should not. Please check out this [fresh new guide]() to know how to paginate with Meilisearch without using `nbHits`.
- The `facetsDistribution` search parameter (used when calling the [`GET/POST /search` route](https://docs.meilisearch.com/reference/api/search.html)) is renamed `facets`
- The `facetsDistribution` field in the response body (received when calling the [`GET/POST /indexes/{uid}/search` route](https://docs.meilisearch.com/reference/api/search.html)) is renamed into `facetDistribution`
- The `matches` search parameter (used when calling the [`GET/POST /indexes/{uid}/search` route](https://docs.meilisearch.com/reference/api/search.html)) is renamed `showMatchesPosition`
- The `_matchesInfo` field in the response body (received when calling the [`GET/POST /indexes/{uid}/search` route](https://docs.meilisearch.com/reference/api/search.html)) is renamed into `_matchesPosition`

> - `exhaustiveNbHits` and `exhaustiveFacetsCount` are removed because not used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `exhaustiveNbHits` and `exhaustiveFacetsCount` are removed because their values never change.
```

Done by @irevoire in #2406.

### Changes in `/indexes` endpoints

- When getting the index list, the indexes are now paginated. It means:
  - You can use the `offset` and `limit` parameters to browse the indexes.

>   - The indexes are returned in the `result` field in the response body.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The indexes are returned in the `results` field in the response body.
```

  - The `limit`, `offset`, and `total` are also now available in the response body.
- The endpoint to update an index is now `PATCH /indexes/{indexUid}` instead of `PUT`
- The already deprecated `name` field returned in the response body is totally removed.

Done by @irevoire and @Kerollmops in #2423, #2452, and #2454.

### Changes in `indexes/{uid}/documents` endpoints

- When getting the documents via the `GET /indexes/{uid}/documents` route, the pagination has been improved. It means:
  - You can still use the `offset` and `limit` parameters to browse the indexes.

>   - The documents are returned in the `result` field in the response body.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The documents are returned in the `results` field in the response body.
```

  - The `limit`, `offset`, and `total` are also now available in the response body.
- When getting the documents via the `GET /indexes/{uid}/documents` route, the `attributesToRetrieve` parameter has been renamed into `fields`
- The `fields` parameter is available for the `GET /indexes/{uid}/documents/{document_uid}` route.
- The [`displayedAttributes` settings](https://docs.meilisearch.com/reference/api/displayed_attributes.html) does not impact the `indexes/{uid}/documents` anymore, but ony the `/indexes/{uid}/search` endpoints.

Done by @irevoire in #2372, #2433, and #2454.

### Changes in `/tasks` and `/indexes/{uid}/tasks` endpoints

- Add filtering on the `GET /tasks` endpoint:
  - Add filtering capabilities on `type`, `status` and `indexUid` for `GET` `task` lists endpoints.
  - It is possible to specify several values for a filter using the `,` character. e.g. `?status=enqueued,processing`
  - Between two different filters, an `AND` operation is applied. e.g. `?status=enqueued&type=indexCreation` is equivalent to `status=enqueued AND type = indexCreation`
- Add keyset pagination on the `GET /tasks` endpoints, allowing users to browse multiple sets of `task` items.

>   - You can use the `limit`, `from`, `next` query parameters to browse the tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - You can use the `limit`, `from` query parameters to browse the tasks.
```

>   - The tasks are still returned in the `result` field in the response body.

Reviewer: Not sure it's worth mentioning things that don't change.

Author: You might be right, let's decide the docs-team reviewer!

  - `documentPartial`-> `documentAdditionOrUpdate`
  - `documentAddition`-> `documentAdditionOrUpdate`
  - `clearAll` -> `documentDeletion`

Done by Kerollmops in #2399 and #2445.

### Make the dump creation an asynchronous `task`

- Dump creation becomes an asynchronous task. It means the dump task is put at the end of the task queue but will be processed in priority.
- `POST /dumps` now returns `202` like any other asynchronous operation (e.g. index creation, document addition...
- The `GET /dumps/:dump_uid/status` route is removed because not useful anymore, use `GET /tasks` instead.
- Remove the `dump_already_processing` error when a dump is already processed since they can now be enqueued.

Done by @MarinPostma in #2410

### Changes in `/keys` endpoint

- Regarding the tenant token: `apiKeyPrefix` is renamed `apiKeyUid`
- Once a key is created, you cannot update `actions`, `indexes`, `expireAt` anymore. Only the `name` and `description` fields are updatable. You can delete and re-create the key if needed.
- When getting the key list (`GET /keys`), the keys are now paginated. It means:
  - You can use the `offset` and `limit` parameters to browse the indexes.

>   - The keys are still returned in the `result` field in the response body.

Reviewer: Not sure it's worth mentioning things that don't change.

# v0.28.0 release changelogs

The main goal of this new release is to stabilize the Meilisearch API 🚀
This introduces a lot of breaking changes (especially regarding the naming), and we are sorry for this. The purpose is to guarantee what we care about the most: provide the best search engine experience by stabilizing the Meilisearch API at the same time. So, it means the Meilisearch API will not break in the future.

<!-- The following line should NOT be put in the official release changelogs -->

> ⚠️ Since this is a release candidate (RC), the official documentation is not updated yet, but will be ready for the official v0.28.0 release. The work-in-progress documentation is available [here]().

Author: Why remove it?

- Introduce new actions to manage API Keys (`keys.get`, `keys.create`, `keys.update`, `keys.delete`).

Done by @ManyTheFish in #2438, #2451, #2475, and #2474)

### Add the Hebrew language support

New language support: Hebrew, using the [Niqqud library](https://github.com/benny-n/niqqud).

Done by the amazing @benny-n in meilisearch/charabia#101.

### Integrate the new tokenizer: add your language to Meilisearch!

The contribution experience in the tokenizer has been significantly improved.
As for the Hebrew support language that has just been added, if your language is missing in Meilisearch please consider contributing to [the Meilisearch tokenizer](https://github.com/meilisearch/charabia) by following the CONTRIBUTING.md file by integrating your expected normalizer/segmenter.

The whole core team is available to help you contribute. Feel free to ask any questions or clarifications you need!

Done by @ManyTheFish, @loiclec @gmourier, and @curquiza.

# Breaking changes and improvement ⚠️

<!-- The following line should only be put in the official release changelogs, not for the RC -->

> For most of the following changes, if you use [one of our SDKs](https://docs.meilisearch.com/learn/what_is_meilisearch/sdks.html), these changes will be transparent for you by only updating to the latest version of the SDK.

Author: Why remove it?

> For most of the following changes, if you use [one of our SDKs](https://docs.meilisearch.com/learn/what_is_meilisearch/sdks.html), these changes will be transparent for you by only updating to the latest version of the SDK.

Author: haha sorry, that's my bad, I was not clear

- Add keyset pagination on the `GET /tasks` endpoints, allowing users to browse multiple sets of `task` items.
  - You can use the `limit`, `from` query parameters to browse the tasks.
  - The tasks are still returned in the `result` field in the response body.
  - The `limit`, `from`, and `next` are available in the response body.
- Remove `GET /indexes/:indexUid/tasks` is removed. It can be replaced by `GET /tasks?indexUid=:indexUid`
- Remove `GET /indexes/:indexUid/tasks/:taskUid` is removed.
- Rename `uid` to `taskUid` in the response body returned by every asynchronous task (ex: index creation, document addition...)
- Rename some task properties
  - `documentPartial`-> `documentAdditionOrUpdate`
  - `documentAddition`-> `documentAdditionOrUpdate`
  - `clearAll` -> `documentDeletion`

Done by Kerollmops in #2399 and #2445.

### Changes regarding the dumps

- Dump creation becomes an asynchronous task. It means the dump task is put at the end of the task queue but will be processed in priority.
- `POST /dumps` now returns `202` like any other asynchronous operation (e.g. index creation, document addition...

> - The `GET /dumps/:dump_uid/status` route is removed because not useful anymore, use `GET /tasks` instead.

Reviewer 2: What is the `type` for a dump task? So that we can add a filter on `type` here. I made my best guess

```suggestion
- The `GET /dumps/:dump_uid/status` endpoint has been removed. It can be replaced by `GET /tasks?type=dump`.
```

> - Remove the `dump_already_processing` error when a dump is already processed since they can now be enqueued.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The `dump_already_processing` error has been removed since dumps can now be enqueued.
```

Done by @MarinPostma in #2410

### Changes in `/keys` endpoint

> - Regarding the tenant token: `apiKeyPrefix` is renamed `apiKeyUid`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Tenant tokens: `apiKeyPrefix` has been renamed `apiKeyUid`.
```

> - Once a key is created, you cannot update `actions`, `indexes`, `expireAt` anymore. Only the `name` and `description` fields are updatable. You can delete and re-create the key if needed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- It is no longer possible to update `actions`, `indexes`, or `expiresAt` after key creation. Only the `name` and `description` fields are updatable.
```

> - When getting the key list (`GET /keys`), the keys are now paginated. It means:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- When getting the keys list (`GET /keys`), the response is now paginated. That means:
```

>   - You can use the `offset` and `limit` parameters to browse the indexes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - You can use the `offset` and `limit` parameters to browse keys.
```

  - The keys are still returned in the `result` field in the response body.

>   - The `limit`, `offset`, and `total` are available in the response body.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - `limit`, `offset`, and `total` now appear in the response body.
```

- Due to all the changes on the `keys` resources, the dump's compatibility is not full with API keys. It means the keys created with an old version of Meilisearch will be imported with the same `actions` and `indexes` values, but the `key` and `uid` fields will be regenerated. You will need to update your keys.
- The `dumps.get` action is removed.

Done by @ManyTheFish in #2438, #2451, #2475, and #2474)

### Changes in `/indexes/{uid}/settings` endpoints

> The changes only concern the HTTP methods

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following changes only concern the HTTP verb associated with a given method.
```

- The endpoint to update the displayed attributes settings is now `PUT /indexes/{indexUid}/settings/displayed-attributes`  instead of `POST`
- The endpoint to update the distinct attribute settings is now `PUT /indexes/{indexUid}/settings/distinct-attribute`  instead of `POST`
- The endpoint to update the filterable attribute settings is now `PUT /indexes/{indexUid}/settings/filterable-attributes`  instead of `POST`
- The endpoint to update the ranking rules settings is now `PUT /indexes/{indexUid}/settings/ranking-rules`  instead of `POST`
- The endpoint to update the searchable attributes settings is now `PUT /indexes/{indexUid}/settings/searchable-attributes`  instead of `POST`
- The endpoint to update the sortable attributes settings is now `PUT /indexes/{indexUid}/settings/sortable-attributes`  instead of `POST`
- The endpoint to update the stop-words settings is now `PUT /indexes/{indexUid}/settings/stop-words`  instead of `POST`
- The endpoint to update the synonyms settings is now `PUT /indexes/{indexUid}/settings/synonyms`  instead of `POST`

Done by @Kerollmops in #2452

### Limit of 1000 for facet value

<!-- Currently in the RC, but can be changed -->

> For performance reasons, the limit of facet values is now 1000.

Author: I need to change this section anyway, I will try to better explain it

Done by Kerollmops in #2468 and meilisearch/milli#535

> # Other improvements 🔨

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Other improvements 🔨
```

> - Geo-search: Support string type for `_geo` `lat` and `lng` fields (#2408 and meilisearch/milli#523) @irevoire

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Geosearch: Support string type for `_geo`, `lat`, and `lng` fields (#2408 and meilisearch/milli#523) @irevoire
```

  - Use the `&` character to apply multiple filters, e.g. `?status=enqueued&type=indexCreation`. This is equivalent to an `AND` operation.
- Add keyset pagination on the `GET /tasks` endpoint, allowing users to browse multiple sets of `task` items.
  - Use the `limit` and `from` query parameters to browse tasks.
  - `limit`, `from`, and `next` now appear in the response body.
- `GET /indexes/:indexUid/tasks` has been removed. It can be replaced by `GET /tasks?indexUid=:indexUid`
- `GET /indexes/:indexUid/tasks/:taskUid` has been removed.
- `uid` has been renamed `taskUid` in the response body returned by every asynchronous task (e.g. index creation, document addition, etc...)
- Some task properties have been renamed
  - `documentPartial`-> `documentAdditionOrUpdate`
  - `documentAddition`-> `documentAdditionOrUpdate`
  - `clearAll` -> `documentDeletion`

Done by Kerollmops in #2399 and #2445.

### Changes regarding dumps

- Dump creation is now an asynchronous task. Dump tasks are placed at the end of the task queue but are processed in priority.
- `POST /dumps` now returns `202` like any other asynchronous operation (e.g. index creation, document addition...

> - The `GET /dumps/:dump_uid/status` endpoint has been removed. It can be replaced by `GET /tasks?type=dump`.

Author: ```suggestion
- The `GET /dumps/:dump_uid/status` endpoint has been removed. It can be replaced by `GET /tasks?type=dumpCreation`.
```

- Adds a `name` field: specify a human-readable `name` to make API key retrieval more convenient.
- Introduces new actions to manage API keys (`keys.get`, `keys.create`, `keys.update`, `keys.delete`).
- It is no longer possible to update an API key's `actions`, `indexes`, or `expiresAt` after creation.

Done by @ManyTheFish in #2438, #2451, #2475, and #2474)

## Hebrew language support

New language support: Hebrew, using the [Niqqud library](https://github.com/benny-n/niqqud).

Done by the amazing @benny-n in meilisearch/charabia#101.

## New tokenizer contribution experience: add your language to Meilisearch

The contribution experience in the tokenizer has been significantly improved.

If your language is missing in Meilisearch, please consider contributing to [the Meilisearch tokenizer](https://github.com/meilisearch/charabia) by following the CONTRIBUTING.md file and integrating your intended normalizer/segmenter.

The whole core team is available to help you contribute. Feel free to ask for any clarifications you need!

Done by @ManyTheFish, @loiclec @gmourier, and @curquiza.

> ## Add limit customizations

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Customizable limits
```

### Limit of facet values

> When searching using the `facets` serach parameter, Meilisearch will now return a maximum of 100 different facet values per faceted attributes. This limit is customizable by using the `faceting` settings with the `/indexes/{uid}/settings/faceting` endpoint.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When searching using the `facets` search parameter, Meilisearch will now return a maximum of 100 different facet values per faceted attribute.

This default limit is customizable using the new `faceting` setting, accessible via the `/indexes/{uid}/settings/faceting` route.
```

To increase this limit to 1000:

```bash
curl \
  -X PATCH 'http://localhost:7700/indexes/books/settings/faceting' \
  -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  --data-binary '{
    "maxValuesPerFacet": 1000
  }'
```

> You can get the value by using the HTTP `GET` method on this endpoint, or reset this value using the `DELETE` method.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can also get the value with the HTTP `GET` verb, or reset the value using the `DELETE` verb.
```

Done by @Kerollmops in meilisearch/milli#550 and #2494

> ### Limit of retrievable documents during the search

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Limit of documents returned by search
```

> During the search, Meilisearch returns a maximum of 1000 documents, meaning the end-user can only access the 1000 more relevant documents when searching. This limit is now customizable by using the `pagination` settings with the `/indexes/{uid}/settings/pagination` endpoint.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When making a search request, Meilisearch returns a maximum of 1000 documents: the documents deemed most relevant to the query.

This default limit is now customizable using the `pagination` setting, accessible via the `/indexes/{uid}/settings/pagination` route.
```

To increase this limit to 20000:

```bash
curl \
  -X PATCH 'http://localhost:7700/indexes/books/settings/pagination' \
  -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  --data-binary '{
    "limitedTo": 2000
  }'
```

> You can get the value by using the HTTP `GET` method on this endpoint, or reset this value using the `DELETE` method.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can also get the value with the HTTP `GET` verb, or reset the value using the `DELETE` verb.
```

# v0.28.0 release changelogs

The main goal of this new release is to stabilize the Meilisearch API 🚀

This release introduces a lot of breaking changes (especially regarding names), and we are sorry for this. The purpose is to guarantee what we care about the most—providing the best search engine experience—by stabilizing the Meilisearch API. There should not be any breaking changes to the API in the future.

<!-- The following line should NOT be put in the official release changelogs -->
⚠️ Since this is a release candidate (RC), the official documentation is not updated yet, but will be ready for the official v0.28.0 release. The work-in-progress documentation is available [here]().

# New features 🚀

## Smart crop

The smart crop is an improvement of the Meilisearch crop.

The cropping algorithm tries to find the window(s) with the highest density of query terms within the `cropLength` limit. From these, it picks the window that contains the most query terms in order.

Done by @ManyTheFish (#2408)

## API key management: deterministic keys

> - It is now possible to create a deterministic `key` value by specifying a `uid` field at creation. `uid` is a `uuidv4`. If omitted, Meilisearch generates it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- It is now possible to create a deterministic `key` value by specifying a `uid` field at creation. `uid` value must be a UUID v4. If omitted, Meilisearch generates it.
```

Done by @Kerollmops in meilisearch/milli#550 and #2494

### Limit of documents returned by search

When making a search request, Meilisearch returns a maximum of 1000 documents: the documents deemed most relevant to the query.

This default limit is now customizable using the `pagination` setting, accessible via the `/indexes/{uid}/settings/pagination` route.

To increase this limit to 20000:

```bash
curl \
  -X PATCH 'http://localhost:7700/indexes/books/settings/pagination' \
  -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  --data-binary '{
    "limitedTo": 2000
  }'
```

You can also get the value using the HTTP `GET` verb, or reset the value using the `DELETE` verb.

Done by @Kerollmops in meilisearch/milli#550 and #2494

# Breaking changes and improvement ⚠️

<!-- The following line should only be put in the official release changelogs, not for the RC -->
For most of the following changes, if you use [one of our SDKs](https://docs.meilisearch.com/learn/what_is_meilisearch/sdks.html), these changes will be transparent for you by only updating to the latest version of the SDK.

## Changes in `/indexes/{uid}/search` endpoint

> - `nbHits` is renamed `estimatedNbHits`. Some users were confused by the old name and used it for their pagination, which we discourage. Please check out this [fresh new guide]() to learn how to paginate with Meilisearch without using `nbHits`.

Author: ```suggestion
- `nbHits` is renamed `estimatedTotalHits`. Some users were confused by the old name and used it for their pagination, which we discourage. Please check out this [fresh new guide]() to learn how to paginate with Meilisearch without using `nbHits`.
```

- The endpoint to update the filterable attribute settings is now `PUT /indexes/{indexUid}/settings/filterable-attributes` instead of `POST`
- The endpoint to update the ranking rules settings is now `PUT /indexes/{indexUid}/settings/ranking-rules` instead of `POST`
- The endpoint to update the searchable attributes settings is now `PUT /indexes/{indexUid}/settings/searchable-attributes` instead of `POST`
- The endpoint to update the sortable attributes settings is now `PUT /indexes/{indexUid}/settings/sortable-attributes` instead of `POST`
- The endpoint to update the stop words settings is now `PUT /indexes/{indexUid}/settings/stop-words` instead of `POST`
- The endpoint to update the synonyms settings is now `PUT /indexes/{indexUid}/settings/synonyms` instead of `POST`

Done by @Kerollmops in #2452

# Other improvements 🔨

- Geosearch: Support string type for `_geo`, `lat`, and `lng` fields (#2408 and meilisearch/milli#523) @irevoire
- Improve ranking rules error message (meilisearch/milli#536, #2468) @matthias-wright
- Remove the connection keep-alive timeout (#2471) @Thearas
- Improve index uid validation upon API key creation (#2414) @pierre-l

# Fixes 🐞

> - Fix filtering on documents with double or/and simple quote (#2500 and meilisearch/milli#552) @irevoire

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fix filtering on documents with double and/or single quote characters (#2500 and meilisearch/milli#552) @irevoire
```

## Customizable limits

### Limit of facet values

When searching using the `facets` search parameter, Meilisearch will now return a maximum of 100 different facet values per faceted attribute.

This default limit is customizable using the new `faceting` setting, accessible via the `/indexes/{uid}/settings/faceting` route.

To increase this limit to 3000:

```bash
curl \
  -X PATCH 'http://localhost:7700/indexes/books/settings/faceting' \
  -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  --data-binary '{
    "maxValuesPerFacet": 3000
  }'
```

You can also get the value using the HTTP `GET` verb, or reset the value using the `DELETE` verb.

Done by @Kerollmops in meilisearch/milli#550 and #2494

### Limit of documents returned by search

When making a search request, Meilisearch returns a maximum of 1000 documents: the documents deemed most relevant to the query.

This default limit is now customizable using the `pagination` setting, accessible via the `/indexes/{uid}/settings/pagination` route.

To increase this limit to 2000:

```bash
curl \
  -X PATCH 'http://localhost:7700/indexes/books/settings/pagination' \
  -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  --data-binary '{

>     "limitedTo": 2000

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "maxTotalHits": 2000
```

- Add keyset pagination on the `GET /tasks` endpoint, allowing users to browse multiple sets of `task` items.
  - Use the `limit` and `from` query parameters to browse tasks.
  - `limit`, `from`, and `next` now appear in the response body.
- `GET /indexes/:indexUid/tasks` has been removed. It can be replaced by `GET /tasks?indexUid=:indexUid`
- `GET /indexes/:indexUid/tasks/:taskUid` has been removed.
- `uid` has been renamed `taskUid` in the response body returned by every asynchronous task (e.g. index creation, document addition, etc...)
- Some task properties have been renamed
  - `documentPartial`-> `documentAdditionOrUpdate`
  - `documentAddition`-> `documentAdditionOrUpdate`
  - `clearAll` -> `documentDeletion`

Done by Kerollmops in #2399 and #2445.

## Changes regarding dumps

- Dump creation is now an asynchronous task.
- Dump tasks are placed at the end of the task queue, but processed in priority.
  - In other words, a dump will run as soon as the current task is finished processing.
  - The dump's `uid` will reflect when it was enqueued in relation to the other tasks, not when it was processed.

> - `POST /dumps` now returns `202` like any other asynchronous operation (e.g. index creation, document addition...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `POST /dumps` now returns `202` like any other asynchronous operation (e.g. index creation, document addition...)
```

# v0.28.0 release changelogs

The main goal of this new release is to stabilize the Meilisearch API 🚀

This release introduces a lot of breaking changes (especially regarding names), and we are sorry for this. The purpose is to guarantee what we care about the most—providing the best search engine experience—by stabilizing the Meilisearch API. There should not be any breaking changes to the API in the future.

> <!-- The following line should NOT be put in the official release changelogs -->
> ⚠️ Since this is a release candidate (RC), the official documentation is not updated yet, but will be ready for the official v0.28.0 release. The work-in-progress documentation is available [here]().

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: So you can remove it directly from github before the release 🤓

Author: I will not remove it from this PR, so that I can copy/paste in my next release changelog
However I will not put it in the v0.28.0 changelog on Monday haha
